# Changelog

## Version 1.0.8
### 19th June 2009

 - Fixed another part of the code which was causing the image to be output to the browsers URL bar. _Please let me know if you still have this bug!_
Download

## Version 1.0.6
### 13th January 2009

 - Rewrote the code which calculates the number lines in in the text, again. This fixes a bug with gradient fills on some images.

## Version 1.0.5
### 16th December 2008

 - Added `antialias` parameter which will turn off AA if set to `false`.
 - Fixed bug for the target parameter.
 - Changed the way images are stored. Gradient and Mask files used in the generation of the image are now automatically removed.

## Version 1.0.4
### 27th November 2008

 - Rewrote the code which calculates the number lines in in the text, in order to more accurately generate the gradient fill. This fixes a bug with gradient fills on some images.
 - Added `align` parameter to define the alignment of text within an image.
 - Added `style` parameter to define additional style attributes on the containing tag.
 - Changed the way the filename is generated. The hashed value is now generated from a wider range of given parameters, to prevent unwanted caching.

## Version 1.0.3
### 23rd November 2008

 - Added a link to delete all files that have been generated by TK Page Title (clear cache).
 - Made minor changes to CP interface.

## Version 1.0.2
### 22nd November 2008

- Changed the font file storage location to an absolute path from server root. Users are advised to store fonts outside of their public html directory to prevent unauthorised access or distribution of licensed fonts.
- Fixed a bug occurring when the gradient parameter was set.
- Added a tag preview to the TK Page Title module index page.
- Added a link to the documentation page.

## Version 1.0.1
### 27th October 2008

 - Added first level of error checking in control panel when creating or editing existing page title types.
 - Added new field to page title types: save location, for determining where page titles are stored.

## Version 1.0.0
### 21st October 2008

 - First public release

## Version 1.1.2
### 4th December 2009

- Fixed bug on Module CP index page where preview images wouldnt display on certain server setups.
- Removed redundant code from global variable replacer.
- Added `name` parameter to apply name attribute for anchors on outputted html code
- Added upgrade script to correctly update version number during upgrade.

## Version 1.1.1
### 5th November 2009

 - Added [Latin-1 Supplement characters](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin-1_Supplement_unicode_block) to the ones used in calculating character height accurately. This improves language support, displaying fonts more accurately (providing your font has the characters in its character set).

## Version 1.1.0
### 2nd September 2009

 - Much of the module has been rewritten, providing a number of improvements.
 - Improvements have been made when adding or editing a TK Page Title type. Fonts and gradient files now appear in drop-down lists and a colour picker tool is available for TK Page Title images which do not use a gradient fill.
 - The locations of outputted files, fonts and gradient image files are now defined in the Settings page.
 - There is now a preview of each TK Page Title available within the Control Panel.
 - The alignment of text can now be defined within each TK Page Title type.
 - Leading (line spacing) is now an attribute of each TK Page Title type and can also be defined via the new `leading` parameter in the module's ee tag.
 - Debug has been improved. It now outputs key attributes for each image being generated (and prevents images from being cached).
 - `nocache`  has been added as a parameter. It prevents images from being cached (but does not output any debug information).
 - More default gradient variations have been added.

## Version 1.0.9
### 25th July 2009

 - Added `cssonly` parameter, allowing for output of just the css required to display the image.
 - Added ability to define URL and server paths for location of images (this gives increased control for sites running their admin panel in a separate location to the site).
 - Further improvements to code.

## Version 1.0.7
### 10th June 2009

 - Added `color` property/parameter: Page titles will use the colour when a gradient fill is not provided.
 - Added support for global variables within page titles.
 - Restructured some code to make it a bit tidier.
 - Fixed a part of the code which was causing the image to be output to the browsers URL bar. _This error may continue to occur in the event of a PHP error._
